LYNX-374: Added new confirm-email mutation (#286)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/customer/mutations/confirm-email.md

---
title: confirmEmail mutation | Commerce Web APIs
---

> 

Reviewer: Please add the following lines before the head1. 

import BetaNote from '/src/_includes/graphql/notes/beta.md'

<BetaNote />

# changeCustomerPassword mutation

> Use the `confirmEmail` mutation to confirm the email address of a customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `confirmEmail` mutation completes the customer activation process by confirming validity of a customer's email address. Adobe Commerce sends a confirmation key to the customer when they request to create an account. The customer must supply this confirmation key.
```

## Syntax

`mutation: {confirmEmail(input: ConfirmEmailInput!) {CustomerOutput}}`

> 

Reviewer: Add the following lines below the syntax. I will have to go back and a link to the reference once we've generated it.

```
## Reference

The `confirmEmail` reference provides detailed information about the types and fields defined in this query.
```

Reviewer: Also add the following heading before the example

```
## Example usage
```

> The following call confirms `roni_cost@example.com` as the email address of the customer by using the confirmation key `abcde` that should have been received by the customer in his / her email inbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following call confirms `roni_cost@example.com` as the email address of the customer by using the confirmation key `abcde`.
```

**Request:**

```graphql
mutation {
    confirmEmail(input: {
        email: "roni_cost@example.com"
        confirmation_key: "abcde"
    }) {
        customer {
            email
        }
    }
}
```

**Response:**

```json
{
  "confirmEmail": {
    "customer": {
      "email": "roni_cost@example.com"
    }
  }
}
```

> ## Input attributes

Reviewer: Delete this section. Since we now have autogenerated reference docs, we no longer document the fields and types.
